Factor out protocol constants and value types into a `zcash_protocol` crate. (#1142)
zcash/librustzcash: zcash_primitives/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added
- `zcash_primitives::transaction::components::sapling::zip212_enforcement`

### Changed

> - `zcash_primitives::consensus` is now a reexport of the
>   `zcash_protocol::consensus` module.
> - `zcash_primitives::constants` is now a reexport of the
>   `zcash_protocol::constants` module.
> - `zcash_primitives::transaction::components::amount` is now a reexport of the
>   `zcash_protocol::value` module.
> - `zcash_primitives::memo` is now a reexport of the `zcash_protocol::memo` module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The following modules are now re-exported from the `zcash_protocol` crate.
  Additional changes have also been made therein; refer to the `zcash_protocol`
  changelog for details.
  - `zcash_primitives::consensus` re-exports `zcash_protocol::consensus`.
  - `zcash_primitives::constants` re-exports `zcash_protocol::constants`.
  - `zcash_primitives::transaction::components::amount` re-exports
    `zcash_protocol::value`.
  - `zcash_primitives::memo` re-exports `zcash_protocol::memo`.
```

### Removed
- `zcash_primitives::consensus::sapling_zip212_enforcement` instead use
  `zcash_primitives::transaction::components::sapling::zip212_enforcement`.
- From `zcash_primitive::components::transaction`:
  - `impl From<Amount> for u64`
  - `impl TryFrom<sapling::value::NoteValue> for NonNegativeAmount`
  - `impl From<NonNegativeAmount> for sapling::value::NoteValue`
  - `impl TryFrom<orchard::ValueSum> for Amount`
  - `impl From<NonNegativeAmount> for orchard::NoteValue`

> - The `local_consensus` module has been removed; use it from the `zcash_protocol`
>   module instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `local_consensus` module and feature flag hav been removed; use the module
  from the `zcash_protocol` module instead.
```
